Add more information to README.md (#9)
conda-incubator/conda-auth: README.md

# conda-auth

> A conda plugin for handling various HTTP based authentication schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conda plugin for handling various authentication schemes.
```

Let's keep it more general. What if we decided to support more than just HTTP in the future 🤷

> Conda auth is a plugin that handles various authentication schemes as well as login session management. Currently, the following authentication schemes are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda auth currently supports the following types of authentication:
```

Let's not repeat what was just said in the first sentence.

- HTTP Basic Authentication

> On top of this, conda-auth supports session management via two subcommands for logging into services (conda auth login) and logging out of services (conda auth logout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of this, conda auth supports session management via two subcommands for logging into services (`conda auth login`) and logging out of services (`conda auth logout`).
```

## Installation

> Install `conda-auth` into your base environment from the `conda-forge` channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda auth is available on conda-forge. As with all conda plugins, this must be installed into your base environment:
```

```
conda install --name base --channel conda-forge conda-auth
```

> ## Why conda-auth?
> 
> Currently when using conda, if you want use a channel that requires the use of HTTP Basic Authentication, you need to store your user credentials in your `.condarc` file:
> 
> ```
> channels:
>   - https://username:password@example.com/channel
> ```
> 
> The example above has one primary problem: storing credentials in clear text. This is a practice that is frowned upon generally and one we should avoid if possible.
> 
> The conda-auth project aims to solve this problem by storing credentials in an encrypted and password protected manner. This is accomplished by introducing a dependency on the [keyring project](https://github.com/jaraco/keyring). This Python library uses the underlying secret store mechanism for many types of desktop operating systems, including Windows, OSX and Linux.
> 
> Using this plugin will then ensure that users are storing their user credentials in a safer manner.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Usage

**Log in** to a channel protected by HTTP basic authentication:

```
conda auth login https://example.com/my-protected-channel --username $USERNAME
```

**Log out** of a channel to remove credentials from your computer:

```
conda auth logout https://example.com/my-protected-channel
```

````

I don't think this section should be included on the front page. Instead, let's just include a "usage" section to provide examples of how the commands are used.

## Contributing to This Project
Contributions are very welcome to this project! 

Feel free to:
1. File bug reports
2. Create feature requests
3. Open pull requests to resolve issues available in the [Github issues queue](https://github.com/conda-incubator/conda-auth/issues).
4. Review open pull requests

> 5. Report any typos, wrong/outdated information on the [project website](https://conda-incubator.github.io/conda-auth/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Report any typos, wrong/outdated information on the [documentation website](https://conda-incubator.github.io/conda-auth/).
```
